alright so this is the antec kuhler h2o
620 here's the top of the box this is an
all-in-one water cooling unit not to be
confused with true water cooling true
water cooling is much more is much more
impressive than these around shorter
back sides oh this is ours compared to
theirs I love how there's always shows
the best doesn't it I open this up real
nice plate in here there we go
this is the violence because fight Casey
doesn't work and my cooler master
remember I think it's that it's the TX 3
i'm cooler master TX 3 currently and
it's just not cutting out right now so
when I hadn't got this i have bought
this before i installed it in my buddy
system for him and it works great iam
had any trouble whatsoever nice and
quiet so i thought i get one for me a
little piece of foam in there
box Concordia cardboard still not
impressed we have the instruction guide
we have the fan which is a decent fan
weight to it it doesn't flux or anything
with a 3-pin connector we have all the
miscellaneous parts which we'll go over
in a minute and then we have the main
system which is the radiator don't ask
me about this radiator I don't know jack
about it that doesn't listen we have the
tubing which is nice rubber tubing neta
not all bumpy like the cozier that's
actually why I got this over the corsair
one for the same price 3-pin connector
and here's the three payment I'm sorry
to pin adapter you plug in believe is
this one yes you plug in one of the fan
you plug in the fan to the swine I'm
gonna plug this itself into the power
adapter alright so we have those now
we're going to go over the stuff in here
and I'm going to reveal to you how to
install this on an AMD system alright so
you have all of your little pegs and
whatnot
here you're all they call is resistance
bulbs or whatever if you get this
reconstruction guide you'll know all the
names here are your screws your extra
long screws for dealing with the
radiator I will not be using these i
will be using the ones that came with my
case here is one of the mounts i believe
this is an Intel bounce out of ya this
is the Intel back plate and this is the
AMD backplate I will not be using these
I have Andy almost all the AMD back
plates you can just use the default one
and they are better than these so then
you have these and I believe this one is
the this one is for AMD and this one is
for Intel Intel AMD intel AMD and then
you get this little thing that'll be
honest I have no clue what this thing is
for I think maybe use it if you're
installing on intel or something I
really don't know all i know is when I
was inside of my buddy system it wasn't
working wasn't working so I go I look
online nobody's saying jack about it and
then I go what if I take this little
plastic piece of crap off there's not
satellite and then it installed just
fine so this little thing this little
piece of plastic ring is what prevents
you from installing on an Intel just
don't use it and all your problems are
something and then last we give out more
of the resistance box or whether or so
that's the video hope you guys enjoyed
it